# fastapi-serverless-cookiecutter
If you are viewing this on GitHub, I recommend you check out the [hosted docs](https://triaxtec.github.io/fastapi-serverless-cookiecutter)
 instead as not everything here is in standard Markdown.
 
!!!warning
    While this cookiecutter is functional as-is, there are two important issues right now you need to be aware of.
    
    1. Generated projects will make use of "triax-flex-config" which Triax intends to open source but has not done yet. 
    This means generated projects won't work unless you remove it.
    2. The documentation for this project is **far from complete**.

For generating FastAPI projects to be hosted on AWS Lambda using the Serverless framework. Includes everything that Triax 
uses for its internal projects like:

1. CI/CD with CircleCI
1. Private PyPI repos (e.g. on [Gemfury])
1. Generation of Angular client libraries using [OpenAPI Generator]
1. A bunch of security best-practices

## Usage
1. Install [cookiecutter]. I recommend installing with [pipx] like `pipx install cookiecutter`.
1. Run this cookiecutter with `cookiecutter gh:triaxtec/fastapi-serverless-cookiecutter`
1. Fill in the [variables](#variables)!

!!!warning 
    Running a cookiecutter **executes arbitrary Python code**. Only run cookiecutters than you trust!

### Variables
When you run this cookiecutter, you will be prompted to provide all of these values:
#### package_name
The name of the Python-installable package and top level directory that will be generated. By convention, this should be
 in kebab-case where each word is separated by a "-".
#### module_name
The name of the module where all your Python source code will go. This one should be snake_case 
 where each word is separated by an underscore. The default is the same as `package_name` but in snake_case.
#### pypi_url
The URL to your private PyPI repository. If you aren't using one, you can leave this at the default. You'll have to 
 remove the relevant pieces of [pyproject.toml](what_you_get/pyproject/private_pypi.md) and 
 [CircleCI Config](what_you_get/circleci.md).
#### npm_url
The URL to your private NPM repository. If you aren't using one, you can leave this at the default. You'll have to remove 
the relevant pieces of [Angular Client Config](what_you_get/generator_config.md) and 
[CircleCI Config](what_you_get/circleci.md).

## Now what?
1. Explore the generated [example in GitHub] or generate your own and start playing!
1. See [Next Steps](next_steps.md) for setting up CircleCI, AWS, etc. to work with it.
1. Check out [What You Get](what_you_get/top_level.md) for a walkthrough of everything that will be generated by this cookiecutter.


[cookiecutter]: https://cookiecutter.readthedocs.io/
[pipx]: https://pipxproject.github.io/pipx/
[OpenAPI Generator]: https://openapi-generator.tech/
[example in GitHub]: https://github.com/triaxtec/fastapi-serverless-cookiecutter/example
{!./hyperlinks.md!}
